of youtube as you know what I'm going to do in
part to the good video now show in
part 1
I'm going to give you the link that the
downloads
and click on links that always leave
in the videos and we'll give the
free video special propaganda -
the woman
but
when downloading to this double
of minecraft 1.7 points when it has
Discharged
what
leave it there are things
in writing as I'm not going to
get there because we know it is
we will open it
when it's open we'll give it yes
and now this
and when this is already downloaded
I do not download it again because I already
I have it here
here
when it has already been downloaded it is going
to look like a little arrow and I do not know
confuse because look I had 1.5
points had nothing
and this has a little arrow it says maker
good
A) Yes
in human terms
As you can see, it has excellent graphics
the versions have
1 point 7.4 down
4 I think you can not use it because
we are charging at the point of the world
all right
since all things of all
versions is the second 7.2 for a
bulldozer 1.1.0
17.25 yesterday we will enter to creative for
show them things
I dont know
good
how do you see there
things
term for the horse and a few loaves the
that chests will arrive in
as you see are very pretty cute
I dont know
and let's leave it
good
in the video and I hope you have them
liked